README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Mobile-First simple Portfolio

> This is the first Mobile-first portfolio using simple HTML and CSS.

> This is the first Mobile-first portfolio and is implemented using HTML and CSS only.

> It contains three section- header section, projects and works section and about section.

> it is only for mobile devices

> Me and @Andrea added contact form as our first pair-programming project

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

Basic understanding of - HTML - CSS - Figma design

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/belaymit?tab=repositories)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/2belamit)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/belay-birhanu-144ba714b/)

**Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/rivasbolinga)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- I am grateful for senor Microverse students
- I would like to appreciate and thank @Andrea Rivas for her collaboration

## 📝 License

# This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

access link added to README file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Mobile-First simple Portfolio

> This is the first Mobile-first portfolio and is implemented using HTML and CSS only.

> It contains three section- header section, projects and works section and about section.

> This website is for both small screen and desktop

> Me and @Andrea added contact form as our first pair-programming project

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

Basic understanding of - HTML - CSS - Figma design

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

> Inspect the page for mobile screens and select iPhone SE or screen size of 375 X 667.
> Simply open the page on your desktop and it will appear as the default.

### Run tests

### Deployment
>You can access the site via the following link.
     https://belaymit.github.io/Portfolio-microverse/
## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/belaymit?tab=repositories)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/2belamit)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/belay-birhanu-144ba714b/)

**Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/rivasbolinga)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- I am grateful for senor Microverse students
- I would like to appreciate and thank @Andrea Rivas for her collaboration

## 📝 License

# This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
